okay after a double or nothing what sign
of the street in my on Southside there
column down right next to the mailbox
you owe me four bucks I hated let me do
that a few more tests the jeffco
three-dimensional homing device will be
perfect wildest expectations
I'll be able to use it to find anyone or
anything anytime
as soon as I can find my glasses
I didn't think you could fit into your
school locker trick is getting out
Sandra why do you insist on playing
these silly games you're acting like a
teenager that's cuz I am well yes well
grow up sorry dr. J anyway I got your
meal oh thank you
you know this gizmo yours really works
but gizmo may someday help to rescue
trapped miners or locate missing dr. J
you look sick I may be very shortly
my brother Hartley is coming to town
we're awaiting the arrival of famed
scientist Explorer dr. Hartley jeffco
who we are told has a startling new
archeological discovery okay looks like
it might be him now
see if you can get a shot
amazing you've never guessed that that
guy over there is my brother yeah look
at all that air I mean you got here -
he's just looks thicker cause he's so
tall naughty or short you'd been
considered taller and a lot of societies
I mean shut up ender any truth to the
room of a romance between you and
Princess Alexandra no comment except to
say that she's a lovely young woman
great polo player and a marvelous
masseuse you know I'd almost forgotten
what it is I can't stand that hardly
what's that hardly with all the money he
makes you'd think he could afford a
normal name anyway while I was
conducting a routine geological survey
on behalf of the monumental oil company
I on earth the fossil skull which I
believe to be the earliest example of
Homo sapiens ever to be found in South
America with regard to our postponing
the drilling I think we did the right
thing method and this publicity can only
help monumental I hope our stockholders
agree with you girls
now the monumental oil company has been
very supportive all along and allowing
me the honor to present to you that
Jeffcoat man
ever humble and to verify the
authenticity of my find I've chosen the
world's foremost authority in carbon
dating my brother dr. Benjamin Marion
Jeffcoat Mary I was named after my great
aunt in fact I thought was buried as
deep as that scalpel nice name
Benny God it's been a long time well it
hasn't actually been that long my
calculations it's only been 11 years in
three months in two days three across
the table mm-hmm Oh
Hartley is my good friend Andrew Clemons
Sandra nice to meet you incredible I
finally get to meet the great Hartley
Jeffcoat so how long you stay with dr. J
staying with it
well actually enter I'm sure that
Hartley will sounds great
that is if it's okay with you Ben well
sure you can't find a hotel
I guess Peter Benjamin Andrew I'd like
to meet Peter Brock he's my assistant
I do well that was helpful I don't know
where I'd be hardly talk you think I was
responsible for his achievements the
truth is he's the big wheel I'm just one
of his cars well shall we cool vehicle
don't go on hop in
look if you're right
Ben thank you hardly but frankly I find
these gas guzzlers less than
environmentally friendly I have my own
modest yet perfectly reliable mode of
transportation
so I say to the Duchess well of course
he came up short Madame he's a pygmy
boring everyone seems like I've been
talking for hours Benny I thought you
were supposed to remove your clothes
before you washed them something wrong
wrong what could possibly be wrong my
Jeep broke down I couldn't get a tow
truck so I had to push you two miles
then I couldn't get a cab and I had a
walk all the way home and a driving
rainstorm what could possibly be wrong
I'm sorry Benny
and here's me having the best time I've
had in years
kinda reminds me of our family I'm
surprised you remember oh how can I
forget but in our family that talent was
and always will be my big brother oh
you're no one could play the piano like
him oh how about it no I'll come on for
old times sake huh come on come on Benny
it's been a long time do it ah maybe I
should play all right all right
my strong the tails always do that
it's unbelievable you are still the
greatest bin
my name I led you ahead
don't worry I won't keep your finger I
don't care about my finger I'm worried
about breaking a nail it's long enough
it's high enough it's it's nice football
yeah uncle Hartley gave it to us
uncle Hartley where is mr. wonderful mom
and hardly went sightseeing in limo they
said if they weren't back in time for
dinner we should eat without them it's
just breakfast time I don't oh great I'm
dating you skull he's dating your mother
I've never seen her look so radiant your
brother can do everything he even hit me
with a 40-yard spiral right in the
numbers well did he ever mention please
play a little football myself when I was
in college
not a word oh well uh why don't we do
the comparison test
go ahead go over long would go far back
oh gee are you all right I'm fine I'm
fine I think I surprised him before he
got much of anything just go thank God
he didn't find this this could make your
brother the most famous man in the world
what I meant was one of the most famous
men in the world certainly not as famous
as you all you need is one more
invention you'll be right back up there
where you belong on top Andrew thank you
yeah Stella's gonna be pretty hard to
beat and so upon verification of the
skull the monument oil company will be
proud to sponsor a full archeological
dig he was supposed to be here an hour
ago just told me hasn't had more
problems with his Jeep uh here comes the
man of the hour ladies and gentlemen I
give you the renowned scientist dr.
Benjamin Marion Jeff go I apologize for
keeping you all waiting after using the
most sophisticated dating methods and
computer analysis I have come to the
indisputable conclusion
that the Jeffcoat skull
is a fake
what if once you pay the slightest
attention to detail you would know that
this stall is not a day over 2,000 years
old you think that I've created some
kind of elaborate hoax here don't you
Boone you do have the expertise to fake
the fossil one that were the fool the
lesser scientists you always did
underestimate me yo doctors I think we
should look at this objectively no I
can't believe you're jealous the big
picture is clear now you switched the
skull and some desperate attempt to
sabotage me what let's try to keep a
little pathetic head you get caught
red-handed you still refuse to take
responsibility it's just like that
bicycle not the bike bicycle what are
you talking about don't pretend with me
you took my bicycle without telling me
and I never got it back whoever stole
your bike no I didn't yes you did are
you accusing me of being a liar liar
liar pants on fire
okay guys time out how dare you how dare
you
alright now look what you've done you
broke his tooth it's not mine I floss of
course it's not yours as a fossil it's
gonna be his in a second
they say this doesn't make any sense
this is an upper left incisor and his
are intact
somebody must switch the skulls during
the burglary burglary someone broke into
the lab the other day nothing much was
taken so I know you entrusted me with
something special and I let you down
I'm sorry hopefully same old Binni well
this is no time to get squishy you're
right it's time to restore honor to the
Jeffcoat name but how focus on the
bigger picture focus on the details that
make up the big picture firstly the
skull was replaced not just stolen why
well obviously someone wanted to
discredit the find a pretty good copy
even you couldn't tell till you tested
it dr. J a remarkable paleontological
replica expertly crafted intricate
detail definitely created by someone who
had first-hand knowledge as a real skull
Peter stolen I can't believe it that's
horrible yes but fortunately once I have
determined the molecular structure of
the tooth my new tracing system should
have no difficulty in locating the skull
you should see the sucker work dr. J can
zero in on a sand flea in a windstorm
thank you Andrew the point is we should
be able to find in the next two or three
hours that's wonderful I'll alert
MacGregor at the Gazette to stand by
excellent Peter I'm picking him up nice
and clear he just turned left off me
heading north on rockin Veronica I think
this is the first time we've ever worked
together yeah well it's the first time
we've ever seen eye to eye on the town
we both wanted Robbie the robot for
Christmas we both get underwear
I don't get it Peter was so loyal
I wonder what would make them do such a
thing five years down the road he
rediscovers the skull perhaps for glory
wait a minute what glory you did it for
the money
lorry money glory money
he just entered the Garver arms we tell
still say money
clever switch Peter unfortunately too
clever one thing still puzzles me did
you do it for the money or the glory I
can answer that
can you read me quit gentlemen let's go
move it I thought monumental oil was
behind this fight
they are problem is I promised a few
private investors would be no delay in
drilling so you see not only our
fortunes at stake so is my life now
let's have little fuel to the fire can't
be serious deadly serious
as soon as this gauge reaches maximum
the skull will be totally incinerated
and you'll be joining I hate to spoil a
little barbecue methi but the police
will be arriving at any minute
you see I planted a tracking device
right here under Peters lapel
nice try hold on
stupid machine
just a few more minutes that's okay
take your time he had a deal messy you
were paid in full if you hadn't insisted
on keeping this damn stall this whole
thing would have gotten out of control
guess you were right hutch did it for
the money no Ben
the way I see it you were right if you
did it for the glory I know this is
gonna sound squishy but I'm sorry I got
us into this you know I've always hoped
that the cold war between us with Mel
took this isn't what I had in mind why
did you come back why
well I want to show you that I could do
something important too I wanted you to
be proud of me I've always been proud of
you you have ever since I've known you
yeah well not as proud as I've been of
you isn't that just like you always
having to go me one better
well times run out
I'll keep them covered while you get
this color
- hardly Jeffcoat who found one of the
oldest human fossils and that does not
refer to me wait - dr. Benjamin Jeffcoat
a brilliant scientist valiant adventurer
and the finest brother a guy could have
Oh Cheers yes can I do it now yeah
a little surprise Benny I don't know
what to say
three speeds white saddle blue tires
even the Bell it's exactly the same bike
except actually mine was blue no Benny
was red
no it was blue is red blue your bike was
red blue red blue red blue red I'm not
getting in the middle of this one
you